samples: wi-fi: Enhance shutdown sample (#23037)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/wifi/shutdown/README.rst

.. code-block:: console

   west build -p -b nrf5340dk/nrf5340/cpuapp -- -DSHIELD=nrf7002ek_nrf7000 -DCONFIG_OPERATION_MODE_ONE_SHOT=y -DCONFIG_NRF_WIFI_IF_AUTO_START=n

Buttons Mode
------------

In buttons mode, Wi-Fi startup and shutdown are controlled manually using buttons. This mode is only verified on boards with nRF5340 host.

**Example for nRF7002 DK:**

.. code-block:: console

   west build -p -b nrf7002dk/nrf5340/cpuapp -- -DCONFIG_OPERATION_MODE_BUTTONS=y

**Example for nRF7000 EK with nRF5340 DK:**

.. code-block:: console

   west build -p -b nrf5340dk/nrf5340/cpuapp -- -DSHIELD=nrf7002ek_nrf7000 -DCONFIG_OPERATION_MODE_BUTTONS=y

Configuration Options
=====================

Disable auto-start of the Wi-Fi driver
--------------------------------------

The Wi-Fi network interface is automatically brought up when the Wi-Fi driver is initialized by default.
You can disable it by setting the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_WIFI_IF_AUTO_START` Kconfig option to ``n``.
This is automatically set for one-shot mode.

.. code-block:: console

   west build -p -b nrf7002dk/nrf5340/cpuapp -- -DCONFIG_NRF_WIFI_IF_AUTO_START=n

Adjust shutdown timeout
-----------------------

> In continuous mode, you can configure the timeout period between shutdown and restart cycles using the ``SHUTDOWN_TIMEOUT_S`` option (in seconds):

Author: Yes, it is sample specific config option.

   [00:00:10.009,399] <inf> shutdown: Scan request done

   [00:00:10.022,735] <inf> shutdown: Interface down
   [00:00:15.189,270] <inf> shutdown: Interface up
   [00:00:15.191,284] <inf> shutdown: Scan requested

One-shot Mode Testing
---------------------

The sample shows the following output for one-shot mode:

.. code-block:: console

   *** Booting nRF Connect SDK v3.0.99-7c4f8113c3e4 ***
   *** Using Zephyr OS v4.1.99-eb12c854d528 ***
   [00:00:00.261,718] <inf> shutdown: Starting nrf7002dk with CPU frequency: 64 MHz

   [00:00:00.428,802] <inf> shutdown: OTP not programmed, proceeding with local MAC: F6:CE:36:00:00:01
   [00:00:00.430,877] <inf> shutdown: Scan requested

   Num  | SSID                             (len) | Chan | RSSI | Security | BSSID
   1    | abcdef                           6     | 1    | -37  | WPA/WPA2 | aa:aa:aa:aa:aa:aa
   2    | pqrst                            5     | 1    | -65  | WPA/WPA2 | xx:xx:xx:xx:xx:xx
   3    | AZBYCXD                          7     | 1    | -41  | WPA/WPA2 | yy:yy:yy:yy:yy:yy
   [00:00:05.144,104] <inf> shutdown: Scan request done

>    [00:00:05.157,714] <inf> shutdown: Interface down

Reviewer: This isn't being rendered properly, indentation?

Buttons Mode Testing
--------------------

> For buttons mode testing (nRF5340 host boards only):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Complete the following steps to test the sample in Buttons mode (nRF5340 host boards only):
```
